 DeAr account director   money   dollars  department of   agriculture  expensive beneficial   to everyone payment  .

Hello Dear,

I would like to begin by way of introduction; my name is Dr  TIMBARE SYLVANUS, a native of South Africa. I am a senior Director of The South Africa Department of Agriculture.

I am writing this letter to solicit your co-operation in order to redeem an Over invoiced Contract payment in the name of one of our late contractors which is currently held under trust by The Apex Bank here in South Africa.  

The said Payment amounts to $9.5 Million United States Dollars ( Nine Million Five hundred thousand American dollars ). The payment was originally to be made to one Mr. Abraham Cole the late contractor who died in 1998 and since then we have not found anyone to stand in and claim this payment on his behalf.

My partner, who is the Account Director in the same Department of Agriculture and I, have initiated the process of filing a claim for this money with the hope of having the funds transferred to you. In order to do this, we will swear an affidavit in the High Court of my country stating that you are a distant cousin and next of kin to Mr. Abraham Cole the owner of the money and giving you the legal authority to administer his estate. After which, you will file a claim for this money from the Department of Agriculture, indicating that you are the administrator of the deceased contractors Estate and the beneficiary of these funds. When the claim is approved you will be directed to the Bank where the fund is held on trust and you will be paid the sum of USD $9.5M.

The money will be paid directly to any bank of your choice; you will have the responsibility to ensure that my partner and I receive 70% of the money while you keep the remaining
25% for your assistance. The remaining 5% will be for incidental expenses.

I want to assure you that my partner and I are in a position to make the payment of this claim possible provided that you can give us very strong guarantee that our share will be secured, and that you will not take advantage of our position.

Be assured that there is absolutely nothing to worry about in the view of this claim. It is perfectly safe with no risks involved, and it is not subject to any inquiry, since my partner and I will be handling the claim directly in South Africa on your behalf.

I do hope my proposal is acceptable to you. Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter, so that I can provide you with more clarification about the claim and how we intend to make this deal beneficial to everyone involved. Please contact me using the below email address.

Yours Sincerely

DR  TIMBARE SYLVANUS
..